Ch3 updates (#23193)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/dapr-for-net-developers/getting-started.md

    }
    ```

>     The call to `AddDapr` registers the `DaprClient` class with the ASP.NET Core dependency injection system. That done, you can now inject an instance of `DaprClient` into your service code to communicate with the Dapr sidecar, building blocks, and components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The call to `AddDapr` registers the `DaprClient` class with the ASP.NET Core dependency injection system. With the client registered, you can now inject an instance of `DaprClient` into your service code to communicate with the Dapr sidecar, building blocks, and components.
```
